People are feeling a death instinct.
here is my kitchen in the course of
work
Look at this detail
today is the day to be installed
the bench here and the marble
simply did not deliver and said that
It would take another three days to deliver
I freaked out and canceled now what I
I have a kitchen like that.
You see, and from now on I'm going
start receiving marble works again
at home to take the measurements to the
close some then until I can
I have no kitchen, no stove, no sink.
neither water nor anything is the situation with
the version if of me
kiss
Hi, I'm going to shoot today, taking advantage of that.
works at home even though it is not over
still because you already know right here at home
the whole installment has been waiting to finish
I will not be able to do it in ten years.
shoot this for you
So here is my workbench.
kitchen
the bench is ready now the
Details
so the top cabinet was tapped
of the previous kitchen
missing the details just to end there
on
that shelf there on the side will not
stay that way but still only before
reused from the previous kitchen
but it will enter a niche nicely legal
like when the new ovens come in
because in reality I go I go
microwave oven I
I have today that it is no longer so 100%
and I'm going to get rid of the electric
I have today I'm going to have a single oven that does
the two functions
and there's going to be a niche just to have the
two things and for the projects
domestic appliances that are on top will also
be it a mobile only aa bench was
like this
here we have the mirror tiles
that stayed like this
Ana account you already see that you still have one
neighbor adjustment to do below is
It was really door to run of chain
black minimum
down here the cellar is quiet nothing
kitchen type pan plastic containers
these things like that
It's the dishwasher, it's all going.
down here dishwasher not
arrived is going to be installed down here
will also be hidden and cellar
jataí is already installed but food is
ugly I will not show later I
an outlet which, for the
operation, I'll be fine in the
because it will not end
appearing because this here really shows
fan or my hand and here look at mine
hand on the wall
see mirror mirror anyway
This godmother is very cool.
so here is a part of the bench in
workbench for work
there is a little gulp on the bench
even though there is a little bit of
starts from the look of the bench
There in this wet part I have two
curves down here has one that is with the
lid and here is the other one that has crockery
I already said I was filming today yet
so disheveled then did not shoot and then
here has been highlighted below is a
but I do not
I'll never use this, so it's a
teaching slalom
second one that rises and then in that
second comes the second part
that the means
cooktops I opted for two
one mouth each
I found it better than a little top only
two-burner or a large cooktop I know
Well, I thought it was better this way.
and these cooktops they they are loose in the
so if I saw here,
I tried to sell are only embedded I
Can I take some to burn anything?
so I can draw here such an adjustment that
I said look, it's missing in the
wall there at low readjustment of the hand
French still has a French here
so black here lacked adjustment
mirror because that part here had
that being cut to size then goes
arrive still need to put this so only
so did my kitchen counter
here is a chair, a bench, right?
for when you're cooking husband
stay here on the side drinking wine from him
or when he is cooking and staying
waiting for something ready
something to get ready to drink wine
from him in this bank I opted for the
red because the kitchen is all black well
and white then red will give a
broken nail and then the doors then
they stayed in the president is this stayed like this
so my workbench and I did not have one
avc in the course of leza people hour
have everything and literally I
I'll show you yours again when
have everything installed everything right
i show it to you again but at least
the less I pay now and if this video that
I have owed for months
kiss